Use ISO date syntax in web-config.md (#23428)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/host-and-deploy/iis/web-config.md

| `shutdownTimeLimit` | <p>Optional integer attribute.</p><p>Duration in seconds that the module waits for the executable to gracefully shutdown when the `app_offline.htm` file is detected.</p> | Default: `10`<br>Min: `0`<br>Max: `600` |
| `startupTimeLimit` | <p>Optional integer attribute.</p><p>Duration in seconds that the module waits for the executable to start a process listening on the port. If this time limit is exceeded, the module kills the process.</p><p>When hosting *in-process*: The process is **not** restarted and does **not** use the `rapidFailsPerMinute` setting.</p><p>When hosting *out-of-process*: The module attempts to relaunch the process when it receives a new request and continues to attempt to restart the process on subsequent incoming requests unless the app fails to start `rapidFailsPerMinute` number of times in the last rolling minute.</p><p>A value of 0 (zero) is **not** considered an infinite timeout.</p> | Default: `120`<br>Min: `0`<br>Max: `3600` |
| `stdoutLogEnabled` | <p>Optional Boolean attribute.</p><p>If true, `stdout` and `stderr` for the process specified in `processPath` are redirected to the file specified in `stdoutLogFile`.</p> | `false` |

> | `stdoutLogFile` | <p>Optional string attribute.</p><p>Specifies the relative or absolute file path for which `stdout` and `stderr` from the process specified in `processPath` are logged. Relative paths are relative to the root of the site. Any path starting with `.` are relative to the site root and all other paths are treated as absolute paths. Any folders provided in the path are created by the module when the log file is created. Using underscore delimiters, a timestamp, process ID, and file extension (`.log`) are added to the last segment of the `stdoutLogFile` path. If `.\logs\stdout` is supplied as a value, an example stdout log is saved as `stdout_20180205194132_1934.log` in the `logs` folder when saved on 2018-02-05 at 19:41:32 with a process ID of 1934.</p> | `aspnetcore-stdout` |

Reviewer: I wonder if it could be even more explicit tho ...

```suggestion
| `stdoutLogFile` | <p>Optional string attribute.</p><p>Specifies the relative or absolute file path for which `stdout` and `stderr` from the process specified in `processPath` are logged. Relative paths are relative to the root of the site. Any path starting with `.` are relative to the site root and all other paths are treated as absolute paths. Any folders provided in the path are created by the module when the log file is created. Using underscore delimiters, a timestamp, process ID, and file extension (`.log`) are added to the last segment of the `stdoutLogFile` path. If `.\logs\stdout` is supplied as a value, an example stdout log is saved as `stdout_20180205194132_1934.log` in the `logs` folder when saved on February 5, 2018 at 19:41:32 with a process ID of 1934.</p> | `aspnetcore-stdout` |
```

Author: @guardrex that's even better, zero room for ambiguity left there :+1:
